Quamotion Sprint 28 Updates – December 4, 2015
==============================================

We’re happy to announce the release of the Sprint 28 edition of Quamotion for Visual Studio. 
The version number is 0.1.2769.

This release includes support for working with iOS developer profiles and the Apple Developer
Center, and stability and usability enhancements accross the board.

iOS Developer Profiles
----------------------

You can now create and update iOS Developer Profiles using the Quamotion Command Line.
You can create a new developer profile, and add devices to existing developer profiles,
using your Windows PC.

Stability and usability enhancements
------------------------------------

We've made various improvements in the stability and usability of our product:

* If a device is rotated, the device rotation is detected correctly.
* We've added keyboard shortcuts to the menu items in our Visual Studio integration
* We've fixed an issue in our Coded UI plug in where our extension package would not
  load correctly.
* We now support Android applications that use resource IDs that overlap with the range
  used by the Android system IDs.
* We've updated our Remote TestKit integration, to make sure the username and password
  are stored correctly.
* We've added an implicit wait to the ``Back`` gesture, so that the code waits for the
  phone to navigate from one screen to another.
* We've fixed an issue in our iOS code signing library. You can now sign ``.ipa`` files, even
  if they contain multiple, custom, ``.dylib`` files.
