Quamotion Sprint 22 Updates – September 11, 2015
================================================

We’re happy to announce the release of the Sprint 22 edition of Quamotion for Visual Studio. 
The version number is 0.1.1972.

This release is a quality release, and contains numerous improvements and bug fixes, including:

* Visual Studio plug in enhancements
* Better support for cancelling tasks
* Improved iOS Support
* Improved logging

Visual Studio Plug In enhancements
==================================

* We've fixed an issue in the Mobile Test Settings editor, where the editor would always
  ask you to save the file, even if no changes were made.
* We've improved our support for cancelling long running tasks. 

Improved iOS Support
====================

We've improved our support for iOS applications. This includes:

* Support for typing text using the keyboard.
* We now detect a locked iOS device, and wait for you to unlock the device.
* We now support connecting more than one iOS device at a time.
* Better support for code signing iOS applications that implement specific FileRules in the signature.
* Better support for iOS applications targetting multiple architectures.
* Better support for iOS applications targetting ARM64 processors.
* Better support for applications that have multiple top-level windows.

Improved Logging
================

We've improved the logging that takes place when Quamotion for Visual Studio is running.
All commands sent to the device, and the responses received from the device, are now logged.