Quamotion Sprint 29 Updates – December 18, 2015
===============================================

We’re happy to announce the release of the Sprint 29 edition of Quamotion for Visual Studio. 
The version number is 0.1.3038.

This release includes better support for testing web sites on mobile devices using Visual Studio
Coded UI, support for automatically installing the drivers for most Android devices,
and stability and usability enhancements accross the board.

Testing web sites on mobile devices using Visual Studio Coded UI
----------------------------------------------------------------

We have improved our support for testing web sites on mobile (iOS and Android) devices 
using Visual Studio Coded UI.

Amongst others, these improvements include:

* Better support for complex UI Maps (object hierarchies)
* Better support for getting and setting properties (or attributes) of HTML objects
* We've fixed an issue where running a test would fail when running tests on physical or cloud devices.

Automatically installing drivers for Android devices
----------------------------------------------------

Quamotion for Visual Studio can now detect Android devices connected to your PC over USB, even if their
drivers are not installed, and automatically install the correct drivers for these devices.

Stability and usability enhancements
------------------------------------

We've made various improvements in the stability and usability of our product:

* We have simplified deployment of Quamotion for Visual Studio and reduced the number of files
  that need to be copied to run your tests.
* We now support retrieving the orientation (portrait, landscape) of a device in your scripts
* We've made the ``Quamotion.CommandLine`` command line module extensible and accessible using
  C APIs, and have moved all UI-related libraries to a dedicated assembly.
* We've improved our support for running Quamotion software on Linux and Mac devices using Mono.