Quamotion Sprint 13 Updates – May 8, 2015
=========================================

We’re happy to announce the release of the Sprint 13 edition of Quamotion for Visual Studio. 
The version number is 0.1.1358.

This release brings support for hybrid apps and integration with Remote TestKit for running
tests on cloud devices. Additionally, this release brings a lot of usability and stability 
enhancements.

Support for hybrid apps
-----------------------

This release brings support for hybrid Android apps. Quamotion for Visual Studio now detects
web views and web elements that are embedded in native apps, and you can automate them like
any other app.

Support for Remote TestKit
--------------------------

With this release, you can now run your tests on Remote TestKit devices, even in unattended mode.
This allows you to run tests in batch during the night or during continuous integration.

Updated Mobile Test Settings Editor
-----------------------------------

In this release, we've updated the Mobile Test Settings editor. The editor now:

* Checks whether you've installed all the required software - such as iTunes for testing 
  on iOS devices.
* Presents a more streamlined user interface, making it easier to specify the test settings.
* Responds much faster in certain scenarios.

Usability Enhancements
----------------------

* When installing an app on a device, we now make sure the application and the device are 
  compatibly, by checking the operating system version and the processor architecture.
* We've fixed a bug where we failed to launch certain Android applications.
* The Mobile Test Settings editor. The editor presents a warning.
* The Installer now checks whether you have Visual Studio 2013 and iTunes installed.
