Quamotion Sprint 21 Updates – August 27, 2015
=============================================

We’re happy to announce the release of the Sprint 21 edition of Quamotion for Visual Studio. 
The version number is 0.1.1837.

This release adds support for:

* Running tests in parallel on multiple devices
* Detailed test reports using the Coded UI Test Log
* Specifying on which a device a test runs using a rich query syntax
* Media controls in Web-based tests
* Changing the orientation of the application on the device
* A Fluent API for defining controls using descriptive testing
* Detailed error messages when deployment to an iOS device fails

Running tests in parallel on multiple devices
---------------------------------------------

You can now run tests in parallel on multiple devices. If you use devices from a shared cloud
environment, the test run will detect which devices are currently not available and attempt to
run the tests on these devices at a later point in time.

For more information on running tests in parallel, see `Run tests in a Test Lab <../vs/testlab-run-tests>`_.

Detailed test reports using the Coded UI Test Log
-------------------------------------------------

The mobile Coded UI Test Log contains information about a test run, such as the gestures that
were performed and screenshots of your application during the test execution.

For more information on the Coded UI Test Log, see `How To: Use the Coded UI Test Log <../vs/how-to-use-the-coded-ui-test-log>`_.

Specifying on which a device a test runs using a rich query syntax
------------------------------------------------------------------

You can now specify on which device a test runs using a rich query syntax. For example,
you can specify that the test should run on 'an Android 5.0 device' or 'a device with a screen 
width of at least 800 pixels'.

For more information on how to use the rich query syntax, see `How To: Specify Mobile Test Settings <../vs/how-to-mobile-test-settings>`_.

Media controls in Web-based tests
---------------------------------

Mobile Coded UI Tests now support media controsl in web-based tests. You can start, stop and seek
video and audio controls.

Changing the orientation of the application on the device
---------------------------------------------------------

You can now change the orientation of the application on the device. 

To set your device to landscape orientation, use the following code:

.. code-block:: csharp

    MobileDevice.SetOrientation(ScreenOrientation.Landscape);

To set your device to portrait orientation, use the following code:

.. code-block:: csharp

    MobileDevice.SetOrientation(ScreenOrientation.Portrait);


A Fluent API for defining controls using descriptive testing
------------------------------------------------------------

You can now use the Fluent API to define controls using descriptive testing.

For example, to execute a Tap on a control with the text `Home`, you can use the following
line of code:

.. code-block:: csharp

    Gesture.Tap(w => w.Marked("Home"));

Detailed error messages when deployment to an iOS device fails
--------------------------------------------------------------

The relevant syslog entries are now included in the error message when deployment to an iOS device fails.