Quamotion Sprint 33 Updates – February 22, 2016
===============================================

We’re happy to announce the release of the Sprint 33 edition of Quamotion for Visual Studio. 
The version number is 0.1.3637.

This version adds support for clearing settings on iOS and Android devices,
handling alerts and swiping by coordinates on iOS devices, a command line
module to automatically install the drivers for all connected Android devices, and stability and usability
enhancements accross the board.

Clearing settings on iOS and Android devices
--------------------------------------------

When writing mobile tests, you usually want to make sure that your tests start from a stable, known
state of your application. For example, some applications may require you to log in and cache that
login information; but you want your tests to always include the login step.

To solve this issue, we allow you to reset the application settings when launching a test on iOS
and Android devices.

Alert handling and swipe by coordinates for iOS devices
-------------------------------------------------------

We've improved our support for test automation on iOS devices. You can now accept or dismiss
alerts on iOS devices (even if these are system-generated alerts), and you can also swip by
coordinates on iOS devices.

Command line module to install the drivers for all connected Android devices
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

When you connect an Android device to your PC, you will first need to install the drivers for your
Android device. Finding and installing the correct drivers for you Android device can be a difficult
challenge.

We've included a new command-line option which allows you to install drivers for all Android devices
which are currently connected to your PC.

To install the USB drivers, follow these steps:

1. Start the *Quamotion Command Prompt*  with administrator priviliges
2. Type the following command:

   .. code-block:: shell

    Quamotion.CommandLine -m UsbDriver

Stability and usuability enhancements
-------------------------------------

We've made various improvements in the stability and usability of our product:

* We've fixed a deadlock issue in Visual Studio when Quamotion was loaded
* You can now run tests on both Windows browsers and mobile browsers when Quamotion is loaded
* We've improved our support for Samsung S3 mini devices
* You can now identify which version of the test server is deployed to an application running on a mobile device,
  allowing you to identify scenarios where the test server is out of sync with Quamotion installed on the device.
