Quamotion Sprint 79 Updates – November 14, 2017
===============================================

We’re happy to announce the release of the Sprint 79 edition of Quamotion. 
The version number is 0.79.33.

In this release, we've added support for React Native, Android 8.1 Preview, improved our
PowerShell and Java clients, and improved the stability of the product.

React Native support
--------------------

We're happy to announce to be first WebDriver-based framework to formally support test automation of
React Native applications on Android.

Android 8.1 Preview
-------------------

You can now use the Quamotion WebDriver on devices running Android 8.1 Preview

PowerShell enhancements
-----------------------

You can now use PowerShell to upload developer disk images, developer profiles and licenses.
This enables you to script the full installation of a new Quamotion WebDriver installation.

Test Log Improvements
---------------------

You can now filter the entries in the test log.

Java Client Improvements
------------------------

- The Java client for the Quamotion WebDriver is now available on Maven.
- We've fixed an issue where the Java version of the Selenium client would throw a
  `NullPointerException` on various calls.

Stability and usability enhancements
------------------------------------

worked on the following stability enhancements:

- We've fixed an issue where starting a device session on iOS would fail
- We've fixed an issue where remotely controlling an iOS device would fail
- We've added the possibility to retrieve performance data for Web pages
